Talk to me, maicon beauty guys here.
starting another video of gta5 online
for you and today I'll show you that
location of our giant truck there
Oh I showed you there in story mode.
and I was passing nearby was good
this is the case the giant also gives the respol
that in the same place and for my
Happy birthday, ok?
In the same place, I'll show you.
that the correct cat is this here
in the same place as in story mode
beauty
only one thing I noticed is none
that he is a little more
resistant and it gives us
do more damage
I'll show you here now how
You can do some nice damage with this.
I'm going to climb that there is no mystery to him
to pick him up for the year, we're good for
here o
his only problem when some
vehicle grab underneath and explodes and there
ends up exploding
he also but I have not gone
My impression but I noticed one
big difference in his resistance
as soon as you get there on the na on the road at
around the sun
I'm ready , I'm arriving here and
Let's start doing our damage already.
here it fell
Look this in the front and the barça because
I'll see it's time, I can not
he is very fucking eve of the taste of
dinosaur that will power that causes them
so it has a vast work pro is a
honor and I know that the team is much more
resistant if the impression after saying
comment that in story mode and me
blow up very easy
the poop thinks only the problem - said the
problem is getting a vehicle it the low
himself but if I could if I
get there in the city
cock will give to make a mess
in that but the video where they are camped
here there is dead people enjoyed it
liked you already know the one who favors
quality and innovation
It's no more, that's a hug, stay in peace.
and until the next video spoke